hi I'm Antonio Centeno I'm the founder
of real men real style today I'm gonna
be giving you three scientific reasons
why you should dress sharp for
Valentine's Day okay so before I get
started I want to ask you to subscribe
to my youtube channel now I've got a
special reason why so I'm gonna start
putting out these ghost videos now I'm
calling them ghost videos because their
videos that only subscribers will be
able to see basically I'm gonna put the
video out then I'm gonna put it on
private and so if you're not subscribed
to the YouTube channel you'll never know
the videos out there and in these videos
I'm gonna be giving away insider
information I'm gonna be having a little
bit of fun and in fact the first video
is gonna be coming out in the next few
days so if you're not subscribed well I
guess you don't have to worry about
these but if you want to know what's
going on for me to show you what goes on
here it's a real men real style I'm
gonna try have a little bit more fun
with these but I don't want to may be
made public and if you're interested in
that well subscribe and you will get the
link to this ok all right guys so let's
go ahead and dive right into the content
February 14th Valentine's Day it is
right around the corner a lot of you
guys are going to be going out with your
special someone and there's gonna be an
expectation there they want to have a
great time now what is a great time it's
up to you but I can tell you that how we
present ourselves how we dress adds to
the ambience and that is really key how
you present yourself is going to have an
effect on how you're going to enjoy that
night so I'm here to give you three
reasons three scientifically based
reasons I'm gonna incite some of the
studies as well as to why you need to
pay attention the way you dress number
one if you dress sharp you dress like a
gentleman you will behave like a
gentleman this comes out of the field of
enclosed cognition they've done tons of
research over Northwestern University
and a few other universities that as
well and what they've discovered is that
there is research there there is proof
that what we wear has an effect if you
think about it I mean I'm not about you
guys but I have fun on Halloween and I
see the way my kids dress and go out
there and they act like the way they
dress whenever I was a kid I am not too
long ago actually in college I remember
had a buddy he dressed the
a monkey outfit do you think he was
behaving normally dressed up as a monkey
no I've cooked he was behaving like a
monkey and me and being kind of crazy I
think I don't know I don't think he got
arrested that night but but yeah that's
a whole nother story so when you dress
up like a monkey you will act like a
monkey when you dress up like a
gentleman you are more likely to act
like a gentleman the clothing has an
effect on us and again the research that
they did over at Northwestern had to do
with painters and what what else was it
painter jackets with doctor jackets and
they discovered that the people that
wore the doctor jackets actually
performed better on tests because the
dye that when they knew they were
wearing doctors jackets were what they
believed to be doctor jackets they were
more careful they were more they were
thinking more critically than they
normally would
so again dressed like a gentleman you'll
behave like a gentleman number two it
also comes down to how people will treat
you how you are affected so when you
dress like a gentleman people will treat
you like a gentleman now this is
different if the first one I talk about
the way that the clothing affects you
now we're talking about the way the
clothing affects other people and tons
of research out there in which they have
looked at and you know for the study
you're gonna have to go actually I
linked in the article down below so I do
link over to the studies but there was a
university over in England and what they
figured out or what they saw is that
power status was associated with better
dressed men so what's one of those
things that when you walk into a bar a
bartender not that he and he could be a
very kind-hearted but he's busy and he's
a bartender he's looking around he's
wanting to identify who is the priority
who is important and when you walk in
you're dressed like an important person
you will more likely be treated like an
important person so there's a mix-up
with your reservation show up to the
restaurant how do you think they're
gonna treat you differently if you show
up in shorts and a t-shirt or if you're
in a suit and tie or if you're you know
dressed in a sports jacket with a nice
colored shirt with a pocket square I can
tell you that they are gonna call you
sir when you're dressed like a gentleman
they're gonna call you mad
or hey bud or that guy over there that
you know looks like he just came from
working on his car when you look like
that I know
totally totally not it's not politically
correct it doesn't sound fair but that's
the way the world is it's not that
anyone is trying to - well people are
making judgments they're using shortcuts
to identify okay this person seems like
he could know the owner he could be the
owner he could he obviously looks like
someone important I don't want to upset
him I am gonna treat him or I'm gonna
serve him first so dressed like a
gentleman you'll act like a gentleman
dressed like a gentleman you'll be
treated like a gentleman dressed like a
gentleman let's get into number three
dressed like a gentleman
your sex appeal is going to go up so
what am i basing this off of okay
let's talk about the build of let me
just use a jacket as an example you
don't have to wear a jacket but it does
help because it what it does is when you
dress sharp let me take a step back
style in fashion is not just random a
lot of these suits a lot of the lines on
what we wear when we dress sharp and we
wear clothing that fits us is it
accentuates our natural attractive
traits whether that be a woman and an
exception accentuates her curves
accentuates other parts of her body yeah
it works you can see a thing of a woman
in a tight wider red dress who has a
very nice build in high heels and with
let's just say with a bit of wit with a
necklace around around your chest area
okay so instantly we are seeing curves
we are being our eyes are being drawn to
the color there's a lot of things that
are happening there and it happens with
men whenever you wear a jacket it builds
up the shoulders it Slim's the waistline
it increases the apparent size of the
hands believe it or not large hands
large feet
these things are accentuated with with
properly fitted clothing and what that
does it actually sends a sub I would say
subliminal signal that you are healthy
that you're a viral and that you are
available even if you aren't if you're
married in my case but believe me being
attractive to your mate is in
and it can lead to benefits later on
okay guys so hopefully that satisfied
your curiosity you enjoyed this if you
want more don't forget I created the
whole article in which I link to the
studies I was talking about down below
so you can go check this stuff out and
dress short enjoy yourself have a great
Valentine's Day take care bye bye